WIP Filtering Diagnostic Messages (#887)
jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim: doc/BUILTIN_CONFIG.md

}
```

### Filtering

You can filter generator results using the `filter` option. The option should

> be a function that returns `true` to keep the result, and `false` to remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a function that returns `true` to keep the result, and `false` or `nil` to ignore it.
```

Minor wording, not a big deal either way.

```lua
local sources = {
        null_ls.builtins.diagnostics.eslint_d.with({
            -- ignore prettier warnings from eslint-plugin-prettier
            filter = function(diagnostic)

>                 if diagnostic.code == "prettier/prettier" then

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this example a bit:

```lua
return diagnostic.code == "prettier/prettier"
```

Author: Good call. Switched to `!=` to return true for non-prettier items and updated.
